<----------------------Main Tasks------------------------->

1-> Print the given data on table dynamically.

2-> Add filter by multiselect of gender,department,admissionyear and student type(regular,d2d). ex/- if user selects male from gender, Students who are males only their data is to be printed on the table.

5-> Add filter button and add onclick event on it.

4-> On click on the filter button filter the table every time user selects any field from select make sure it's multi functional all dropdowns can work at same time.

5-> Add one merit text field and one dropdown togather, In the text field user had to write numbers from 1-100 for merit after that add 'greater' and 'less' as a values on merit dropdown. If user selects greater after entering number(90) to the merit field it has to show all students who has merit greater than 90 and if user enteres less than show all students who has merit less than 90.

6-> Add fill button and add onclick event to it and when user clicks on it all the empty id and email shoud have to filled out dynamically id's should not have repeatetive keywords fill regular student id and d2d student id differently as shown on filled id's.

7-> Add reset button on the onclick event all the data has to be reset from the tabele and print the data as it is.

8-> Add match contact button and add onclick event on it on click on it from all data students who have repeateative mobile number has to be filtered and printed on table.

9-> Add sort contact button on click on it all the repeateative contacts should print sorted togather according to matching contacts group.

10-> Add one dropdown for sort merit add 'Ascending' and 'Descending' as a value on it on click on ascending all the student data has to sorted according to merit high to low, When user clicks on descending all the data has to sorted low to high.

11-> Add 'Download' button When user clicks on it the entire table has to download in exel file.

12-> Add dropdown for download format add 'XLS' and 'CSV' as value on it if user selects any one of them the exel file should be download with the selected format.

<----------------------Console Task------------------------->

8-> On every filter all the filtered data has to be print on console with all the individual data with all the students in the array format individually one by one.

9-> On every filter all the filtered data has to print on console with the same to same object structure the original data has but make sure it's a filtered data.